Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about another way to interact with users,
which is using the input box.
So the input box is a function that enables us to display a dialog box that prompts the
user to enter some information and then we can capture the information entered by the user
and do stuff with it.
So let's have a look of the anatomy of an input box.
It consists mainly of a title,
and the title is basically your title,
just like in the message box.
And there is the prompt.
The problem is basically the main message or the main question that you would ask the user
so as to input some information based on that question.
And then there is also the default value,
and the default value is a value that you can enter as part of the arguments of the input
box function size to be displayed by default.
And if the user does not,
it it.
This field and press is okay,
then this is the value we're gonna capture,
and we can use it as well to guide the user on what the user should do.
So let's look at the arguments as well for the input box.
So the input box has six arguments,
but two of them are actually obsolete,
which are the health file in the context,
so we're not going to speak about them.
We've got the problem.
The title,
the default expose and Wipo's.
The Prompt is the only mandatory argument for the input box,
and the other arguments are all optional.
So we know about the prompt in the title because we've seen them on the message box and
they actually performed the same task.
The default value,
as I told you,
is the value that is going to appear here in the field.
These should enter data in it will appear by default so you can use it,
for example,
to have a default value.
So as when you ask the user about his gender,
what is your gender?
You could have a default value of male,
for example,
and then here it's going to display male as the default value.
If the user does not edit that I am just clicks,
OK,
then we're gonna capture male and also if last the user what age your name you can use it
in another way.
The default value.
You can use it in another way,
which is to guide the user on what to do.
So here we're asking the user about his name.
You can make the default value as please enter your name here.
So this way you're kind of guiding the user on what to do,
and this will be displayed on the message box by default.
There are also two other values,
which are the Expos and the WIPO's and the Expos in the WIPO's represent the distance
between the left edge of the input box and the left edge of the screen,
and also the top edge of the input box and the top edge of the screen.
And this is measured in trips and want to whip is equal to 1/14 40 of an inch.
Now,
if you do not enter a value for the Expos and for the WIPO's,
your input box will be positioned in the middle off the screen,
which is probably what you would want to do anyways.
Okay,
guys.
So this was a quick introduction about the input box in the upcoming videos.
We're gonna have some examples,
and we're going to see how to work with it.
So thanks for watching this video I'll see on the next one.